What is note J.S. wouldn't hurt to understand that if we want to write some note code right.
So no chance is in the end a host environment for JavaScript a runtime for JavaScript you could say.
Now for that of course it's important to understand that JavaScript is the programming language and
most of us started with JavaScript in the browser.
It is the only programming language began using the browser to write some logic dare to execute some
logic there to change the document after it has been loaded and so on.
For all of that we need javascript the browser therefore is one host environment of that JavaScript
language but it's not the only one.
Basically one of the most popular and important browser javascript engines the 8 which is the engine
built into Chrome has been taken out of chrome.
It's still in there too but it has all been cloned and is now maintained as a standalone project and
that is basically no JSA.
It's a JavaScript engine originally built for the browser now working without a browser and enriched
with some extra API eyes so it allows us to run javascript outside of the browser.
And of course that means that some API eyes were dropped.
For example we no longer can interact with the DOM if we're writing no trace code because we don't execute
the javascript code in a browser environment and therefore there is no Dom but new APIs are available
in the browser.
For example you can't really work with the file system for security reasons you can't store files on
the system of your users or read files from there.
Well no try as you can do that because no trace does not execute on computers of the visitors of your
webpage but instead you execute it on a computer of your choice.
For example on a computer on a machine you expose as a server to the Internet that is no chance it's
javascript outside of the browser with new tricks learned and some tricks unlearned I guess.
And with no chance we can write any kind of application any kind of script with JavaScript doesn't have
to be code that handles incoming requests but often it is because one popular use case of no choice
is to use it to build Web servers which handle incoming requests maybe talk to databases and also send
back responses so that we can use no tricks as basically as a replacement for PSP for example or Java
or ACP dot net that is one very prominent use case and it is the use case we will look into in this
module because that is exactly what we'll use it for for all the rest of this course.